be humble be buying proper born going
for the fashion coin it fits in the
pocket of your bumper item and I think
you could just burn ticket to the man
with the fashion planner team come with
us now any time
yes here a bush fan biggest I nearly
fainted when I found out they'd be on my
birthday here at in Los Angeles in my
home where I was born and raised but Los
Angeles is gift to me well I'm more than
happy to let someone else drive
shitface just wrong in my eyes I'm
really wrong with them it's just they're
not man's eyes are they the more of a
cockles eye is embedded in a man's face
do you love me
oh dear so what are we looking at right
there oh great just like the Church of
old Gregory
welcome to Boing Boing video we have
Julian Barratt and nor fielding
collectively the mighty boosh boy what
was comic-con like for you it's a bit
like going to Disney World or something
that's quite where I fell about 12 as a
ninja tells and then that's a woman
dressed as a pirate as quite strange and
this is the first time for both of you
become card yeah very excited by a lot
of things like that yeah I was less
excited as no one just as Miles Davis
video addresses after a while I was
going a bit crazy I want to go in the
woods it's a bit soon go naked and howl
yeah so so get back to your primal self
yeah comic-con everyday never felt so
underdressed enormous so they gave me a
cape actually which is really nice and
something fell but Kay I wore that at
one point I still felt painfully
underdressed
especially in the UK your fans are
notoriously dedicated and dedicated to
the art of costumes how gigs a bit like
comic-con moment yeah people dress up a
bit Rocky Horror thanks all my fans here
in the u.s. it's like there's there's
still a smaller fan base but the fan
base it's really really serious the
photos that I've seen on Flickr there's
the front where as crazy and it was a
lot of people into the show but they
don't know other people are when we had
a gig all these people came is Ram
there's like loads of people queuing and
they were like what what's going on why
I thought I only need about this show so
also they want to express that they're
the people that like to hear the most
actually dressed up them but then
they sell become friends after a while
if it comes up a weird sort of separate
cult from the actual cough and cold
verses yeah let me start to angry when
you do things different yeah or get
attention to some other values that you
know we know you more than they know
we're at the gig it gets really bad and
it's old Greg it's a hit one of the
watercolors but he does in the in the
show and I just got back from the
signing so they actually find it all
through me how were the fans here
different than the UK if there is no
solvent that's all better looking that's
it yeah feel the same it feels very
similar when you do King I mean we've
never really changed what we do I
suppose so to to get a destitute of
chase and audience so I suppose whatever
we do gathers a certain type of you've
never chased the moment maybe we should
yeah just a minute to leave the been
here than Jason how does music play into
the creation of your work I mean do you
sometimes hear a song or sort of hear
about it and you're exposed to something
and that works its way into the story we
write characters and we think what kind
music would they be into what you know
especially funny this is a sea creature
yeah you know a mythical beast of some
sort and you think was into jazz or is
he into sort of the crack fucking just
whatever
okay let's have fun
yet the film I meant the shell that's
the Mack time film for me in the mag
dance for the fuzzy diddle damn yeah and
all Gregg was these came as we wrote he
became a more of us Rick James character
and he was a yeah living the see needs
to make us laugh I think the sort of
type of easy that this characters into
as I said interview with downbeat
magazine power figure they know in
England I've been doing banging on about
jazz for ages doing they're not water
just can you really do yeah just yeah
for power but it took me to come over
here for a week to do an interview with
down Bieber I've been going on about
afraid no magazines or anyone has been
interested in talking to me about jet
bread and interviews in the past where
you talk about making the show for
yourselves as opposed to I guess making
a product or trying to imagine what
other people would want it really does
there's a kind of a gentleness right a
kind of playfulness and I've heard some
critics even described your show as
children's show for adults yeah I was
the kind of a dog fairy tale right it's
a pretty open in a chance of sort of
kids don't have a problem of the
weirdness a bit of the magic when the
source or
as kids have just thought yeah fine Oh
Fred's got a mangina yeah cool okay a
lot of writers who are struggling to
describe the show people who haven't
seen the show
it is her drugs in there somewhere as I
said this is an LSD induced peyote
induced or whatever I guess I can see
strange dyes that sue so the idea of
taking drugs when you're writing they
just thought it was their deals where
you'd want to do anything but right just
be wandering around in the forest you
wouldn't be going hey that's right an
episode it's quite as Derrick started
writing very tightly structured episode
it's like homework writing and maths is
that really room it's like you know your
brains bleeding I think a lot of people
hearing you say this now would be very
surprised different if they're fans of
the show that that kind of loose playful
I mean seemingly improvisational vibe of
the show to set up a man is it seem
honest though the vaginas quiet develop
it's like it's not you're writing about
a human as a racing driver ever measured
that is because it's upset that the
rules are the parameters and then muck
about she's a lot of settle for
naturalism yeah